{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13440\viewh7240\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 To what extent does intermittent fasting improve our lives?\
\
Intermittent fasting is a dietary approach that has been gaining popularity in recent years. This way of eating involves occasional periods of fasting, usually lasting between 12-24 hours, where no food or calorie-containing drinks are consumed. Proponents of intermittent fasting believe it can have a range of beneficial effects on health, including improved metabolic and cardiovascular health, weight loss, and enhanced mental clarity. However, there are potential risks associated with intermittent fasting that must be considered. In this essay, the extent to which intermittent fasting can improve our lives will be explored by examining the potential benefits and risks associated with this style of eating, as well as how it compares to other dietary approaches for improving health and wellbeing.\
\
Intermittent fasting can take many forms, but one of the most popular is known as the 16/8 method. This involves a daily 16-hour period of fasting followed by an 8-hour eating window. During this time, individuals will usually consume two to three meals that are nutrient-dense and balanced in terms of macronutrients and micronutrients (Mundi, 2022). Intermittent fasting is not necessarily a low-calorie diet; rather, it encourages people to focus on nutrient density while avoiding processed foods whenever possible (Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, 2018). Studies suggest that alternate-day fasting is as effective as a typical low-calorie diet for weight loss (Mundi, 2022), and may also have health benefits such as reducing inflammation and improving conditions associated with inflammation such as Alzheimer's disease, arthritis, asthma, multiple sclerosis and stroke (Mundi 2022). Other types of intermittent fasting include alternate day fasting (24 hours fasted followed by 24 hours fed) and 5:2 intermittent fasting (eating normally 5 days out of the week with 2 days where calories are restricted)  (Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health 2018). It is important to note that intermittent fasting is not suitable for everyone and should be discussed with a doctor before starting due to potential side effects such hunger fatigue insomnia nausea headaches etc.(Mundi 2022).\
\
The potential benefits of intermittent fasting are numerous and depend on the type of fasting followed. Studies suggest that intermittent fasting may help to improve metabolic health, reduce inflammation, and lead to weight loss (Mundi 2022). For example, Harvard Health Publishing (2018) notes that it may be beneficial for cardiovascular health as it has been associated with lower levels of LDL cholesterol and triglycerides, as well as higher levels of HDL cholesterol. Additionally, Mundi (2022) highlights that some studies have shown that intermittent fasting can improve mental clarity by enhancing focus and alertness due to increased mitochondrial energy efficiency in the brain. Furthermore, recent evidence suggests that intermittent fasting can be an effective tool for managing diabetes by helping to control blood sugar levels by increasing insulin sensitivity; this was also noted in a study published by Harvard T.H Chan School of Public Health (2018).\
\
Although intermittent fasting has many potential benefits, it is important to note that there are also risks associated with this dietary approach. For example, Harvard Health Publishing (Hu, 2020) describes potential risks of intermittent fasting such as feeling sick (headaches, lethargy, crankiness, constipation), overeating due to increased appetite hormones and hunger center in the brain, slowed metabolism and misalignment with a person's circadian rhythm. Additionally, the Center for Discovery (2019) warns that individuals considering intermittent fasting should be aware of higher caloric needs due to increased appetite hormones; risk of developing an eating disorder; feeling hungry; dehydration; fatigue and irritability; stomach grumbling; increased cortisol levels leading to food cravings and binge eating. Moreover, individuals who have underlying health conditions such as diabetes should be especially careful when considering intermittent fasting as it can increase the risk for hypoglycemia (low blood sugar) if not carefully monitored (Mundi 2022). It is therefore important for those considering intermittent fasting to speak with their doctor about any potential risks before beginning.\
\
In comparison to other diet approaches, intermittent fasting can be an effective way of improving health and wellbeing. For example, a study by Harvard T.H Chan School of Public Health (2018) found that alternate-day fasting was as effective for weight loss as more traditional diets such as calorie restriction. Furthermore, Patikorn (2021) found that intermittent fasting is associated with a moderate reduction in body weight, body mass index, and cardiometabolic risk factors in adults with overweight or obesity; the evidence for these associations was graded as high using the GRADE criteria. Additionally, Hu (2020) suggested that intermittent fasting may have greater benefits than simply cutting calories when it comes to reducing inflammation and improving metabolic health markers such as cholesterol levels. However, it is important to note that there are other dietary approaches which can also be beneficial for improving one\'92s health and wellbeing; these include consuming a balanced diet with plenty of fruits and vegetables; avoiding processed foods; eating smaller portions throughout the day; limiting sugar intake etc. All in all, before deciding on what dietary approach is right for you, it\'92s best to speak with your doctor or nutritionist who will help you find the best option based on your individual needs.\
\
Intermittent fasting is a popular dietary approach that has been associated with potential health benefits such as improved metabolic and cardiovascular health, weight loss, and enhanced mental clarity. However, there are risks associated with intermittent fasting which must be taken into consideration before beginning. In comparison to other diet approaches, intermittent fasting can be an effective way to improve one\'92s health and wellbeing if done safely and correctly with proper guidance from a medical professional. Ultimately, the extent of how intermittent fasting improves our lives will depend on individual needs and preferences; however it has the potential to enhance physical and mental wellbeing when done properly.}