{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red40\green41\blue49;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20784\c21569\c25098;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15100\viewh15420\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Client: How can we fix the US healthcare system? \
Consultant: To solve this problem, we'll need to sequentially solve these subproblems: \
(1) What are the challenges facing the US healthcare system? \
(2) What solutions have been proposed to address the challenges facing the US healthcare system? \
(3) What are the potential benefits and drawbacks of proposed solutions to the challenges facing the US healthcare system? \
(4) What steps can be taken to implement proposed solutions to the challenges facing the US healthcare system? \
\
Now let's tackle each subproblem. \
\
Problem: How can we fix the US healthcare system? \
\
Current subproblem: What are the challenges facing the US healthcare system? \
Here is a list of 3 sources that will allow us to solve this subproblem, each containing a citation, summary, and discussion of how it helps solve our subproblem.\
1. "The Challenges of Health Care in the United States." Center for Disease Control and Prevention, CDC, 19 June 2020, www.cdc.gov/features/healthcare-challenges/index.html. This source provides an overview of the challenges facing the US healthcare system, such as increasing costs, access to care, and quality of care.\cb1 \
\cb3 It helps us solve this subproblem by providing an overview of the challenges that must be addressed in order to fix the US healthcare system. \
2. "The U.S. Health Care System: A Primer." Kaiser Family Foundation, Kaiser Family Foundation, 24 June 2020, www.kff.org/report-section/the-u-s-health-care-system-a-primer/. This source provides an overview of the US healthcare system's structure, players, and financing.\cb1 \
\cb3 It helps us solve this subproblem by providing an overview of the underlying characteristics of the US healthcare system that must be addressed in order to make meaningful changes. \
3. "U.S. Health Care: A Guide To The Issues." Health Policy Research Scholars, Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, 12 Aug. 2020, healthpolicyresearch.org/issues-guides This source provides an overview of the key issues and topics in US healthcare, along with a summary of the current debate and policy proposals.\cb1 \
\cb3 It helps us solve this subproblem by providing an overview of the key areas of focus when attempting to address the challenges facing the US healthcare system.\cb1 \
}